Improve Quarkus docs (#74)
GoogleContainerTools/jib-extensions: first-party/jib-quarkus-extension-gradle/README.md

Check out the [genenal instructions](../../README.md#using-jib-plugin-extensions) for applying a Jib plugin extension.

> Note that `container.mainClass` should be set to some bogus value.
> 

Reviewer: optional:
```suggestion
Note that `container.mainClass` should be set to some placeholder value to suppress Jib warning about missing main class

```
